All things start somewhere.

This tale starts with a young man, holding a sword, breathing heavily, as the three-room hut he had woken up in that morning burned around him.

It did indeed not look like a good day.

Before him stood the object of his current fiery disaster. It was three times as tall as a average man, had a chest that would make the proudest bull cower in shame, and had more legs than was right to be on any kind of living creature of that size and stature.

And it was on fire.

This had happened before, but never to this magnitude.

"Can i really not get any proper sleep?" asked the boy, voice clipped and restraining something from deeper below.

The fiery creature looked at him, and cocked its head to the side. A plume of flame rose from its feet and drifted up it's frame slipping loose from its head, floating as a bubble a few paces before popping into a puff of smoke.

Mercaius shook his head.

Fire elementals had a habit of forming on him. This one seemed to be linked to the emotion of apathy, apparently. It was, however, a strong one. Far stronger than any that had just naturally formed.

Not the biggest he had summoned into being - but those had been acheived through conscious thought, not just random, ambient coalescence.

Mercaius sighed, and his emotions slipped through. Every ember, every tongue of flame, every speck of ash flared as he inhaled, and dulled as he exhaled.

He opened his eyes, a considered the elemental as it stood watching him attentively.

"This is why the elves and the dwarves fear us... why the elementals tried to wipe our kind out. The Elves want us for our magic. The dwarves want us for our elemental connection. The elementals themselves just want us gone. Because we can MAKE them. When we get emotional, and gave power to those emotions, voila - elemental. That makes us dangerous. To our selves. To you, because we just make you, a different shade of every thought and feeling that we can come up with. Not your fault, but not something that we can really allow all the time."

He sighed again, but held his emotions to himself, letting the feelings roil around the ocean of energy inside of him, violently stirring things into a turbulent whirlpool.

His eyes, however, flickered with tongue of flame, deep in his ireses.

"Be gone," he whispered.

The elemental shifted. Slowly it became completely still, as the energy that sustained it simply stopped. it fell into itself, a shifting in the air crumpling its form intoa piled of dust, that then simply drifted away.

With a wave of his hand, Mercaius snuffed the flames consuming the wood and thatch of the hut.

The swird in his hand twitched, and he sheathed it into the scabbard at his side. With a thought, he dismissed the sword as well, and it vanished from reality, ready to be summond into being at the merest thought.

Then started the arduous task of rebuilding the hut.

For an earth shaper, this would be easy. For a Plant shaper, this would be an average task. For Mercaius, who could only wield flame, it was an epic challenge. Well, 'epic'. He just had to manually make the mortar, cut the beams, and thatch things.
